okay this is standard drop price 1295
here's the magic of saving so just
across the street in DJ mag's you get
the same thing but for $5.99 absolutely
the same sham for
[Music]
No
yes
okay I'm done with my morning routine
I've done my makeup I had Skype calls
with my employees in Russia and I am
going to do some shopping now some food
shopping but first I need to pick up my
friend's car because she left it for me
while she's away so yeah let's go
[Music]
Sheba's shop in the States
I guess Costco I'm going to get my
membership today I got my Costco
membership card
so no the member it's going to be my
first shopping
and I'm celebrating with the healthiest
whatever like seriously I have the worst
cheese the worst need like the worst
everything in this sandwich and I think
my stomach is not going to like it
my favorite too much Oh in a couple days
really give a ceccolini year-old child
go shopping
I don't know if we ever gonna eat all of
that
but
as a set is cheaper than normal we have
80 bottles of water we have fifty two
packs of forage the breakfast will
definitely last me for a long time we
have a lot of almond milk
so that was 200 bucks guys $200 we got
lucky with a parking new park and the
meter shows that
48 minutes more than a fade for us which
is great in an hour we are going to
visit my friend and he lives in Daly
City and I used to live with him
when I was here in the valley last year
and the problem is he has like five
boxes on my stuff and I have well time
has come and I have to actually take it
because I think how his apartment is
filled with my boxes so I'm going to
pick them up but I'm going to show you
the view
amazing place like one of the most
beautiful places around San Francisco
one of the most beautiful places on our
planet just right behind me so if you
guys ever come to SF come to Muscle Rock
City Park this is like the most
beautiful spot and when I use
here I would go to the ocean every day
and exercise I did my yoga right there
on the beach I would take my mat with me
I did some ballet and some yoga and I
would take my iPhone with my music and
that was amazing this is such an
inspiring play god it's so scary I've
done some more shopping in TJ TJ Maxx
this is a shop where you can get
everything a little cheaper than in
standard shops and you get the same
brands just like an outlet store but
they have them everywhere there's TJ
Maxx there's Ross there is Burlingame
and there is Marshalls and they kind of
all sell the same things I just don't
know what's the difference between all
of them I think Burlingame is a little
lower ranking lower price but it's
really good for holiday shopping for if
you want to get cosmetics like we just
got crew shampoo I'm gonna show you crew
is this brand that they use in cellars
and it would go to a salad I think it
would pay three times as much as we be
here and yeah I'm going to show his
amazing quality
this is standard truck price 1295 here's
a magic of saving so just across the
street in TJ Maxx you get the same thing
but for $5.99 absolutely the same sham
for and we also got the conditioner a
big one for $14.99 and chocolate and
fudge that
Oh candy for Christmas and I got some
okay let me see got a lot of things and
also got a an SC 399 nail polish okay
let's go and pick up my stuff from my
friends please tell me how much South
can one little girl have one tiny girl
p-series and this is just like one tenth
of my stuff oh my god okay
I'm back home I even unpacked everything
looks so nice now so I discovered that
it had much more cosmetics there no in a
basket and I've hidden a couple of
things in my closet this I have to throw
away and there are a couple of boxes
that I need to throw away as well and
I'm going to get some dinner
this is asparagus it's from yesterday
but it's cool and then some cheese and
then I'm going to do chicken breast okay
that's it for today guys umm so I'm
finishing it I'm finishing my day you
hear that texting to our employees in
Russia because they just woke up and the
day has just started for them so I'm
gonna finish some tasks yeah if you the
messages like in the morning when I wake
up I will have 270 more of them and I'm
ready for that tomorrow is a busy day I
have two consultations and I have a
medical exam and I need to upload a
couple videos on my Russian YouTube as
well so that has been my Monday I hope
you guys enjoyed watching this video if
you would want to see more of logging
let me know and don't forget subscribe
[Music]